well they have order in you like 1315 me
now you mean today man 1500 yeah you
play this game fuck good this is my Rama
hello 18 you just to meet been
three-dimensional let's play this game
I'm 16 yeah I'm not - hello suck my dick
blood well you know old enough you just
admitted it look my dear
that's fucking white dick I'm not very
funny but you're taking the mick here
people are responsible on their shot off
dickhead
wait don't take that tone with me
sunshine this game healer yo you ever
concepts leaderboard yeah we'll see
there's me if I ask enough then you can
talk but when our dickhead it's not very
nice is it
I'm not you dickhead well I'm not very
satisfied with your attitude to be
honest I shot hot you not I just don't
think underage people should play this
game because the end day you know you
could be taken in this violence here you
ugly fucking Cologne now - look Jake yo
drink huh blue all over your names
okay you most young you have potions
ahead mate okay you can talk now
no I'm not weigh-in coming from you put
your dick head mate you're going you're
not supposed to be here are you and I'm
not a bit annoyed if I'm being honest
you know what you're better you but you
caught me here anyone got office Gino's
underage or shut your fucking mouth you
prick
excuse me honey but I don't know
everyone in this lovely yet please all
the Johnson a straightaway
thank you poking up what I chose my ever
you some a fucking white blunt father
coupons we - game I mean that's what you
did shut the fuck off you carry so I'm
gonna have to find a complaint and they
won't be very happy you know a big you
fight that complaint then fucking do it
boy
do it fucking exercises okay what about
you you pussy oh okay you might be
perfect on the front they came I believe
it is 18 no but not I believe yeah what
am i acacia it's like nothing there yeah
so I'm out it's not a Jenny no you can
no permission to talk in a minute but
before I tell you to talk emotions be
quiet
Oh morning I'm sure the fuck off shut
the fuck off oh dear I just clipped you
a bullet how unfortunate I feel really
bad now if I'm being completely honest
man yo what you doing what you're doing
you got in my way
if fuckin what y'all need a report you
know knob let me explain the game you're
not supposed to run in the waist
hardcore you can get shot really easily
by teammates please do not
oh my god kid shut up yeah well can you
not do that again please don't let me
tell you twice
oh shut the fuck off don't let me tell
you twice young man thank you I'll do it
now tell me again in my own in big boy
one because you know that's course you'd
be playing this game you're underage
which I think even mitad already but to
be honest while god you're getting a bad
attitude because you're playing too many
games like this you know oh oh excuse me
I mean what would your teacher say to
you don't fucking excuse me you nob hey
what want you to do is that she take the
disc out of your xbox right now and
please shut your Xbox down and go and
play on the Wii because absolutely like
these are you
what did you get did even some off
fucking dick I'm not being funny but
your age should be playing Mario or
Mario Kart is more suitable
I'm just doing my truth mate you don't
have to take you out me I'm just trying
to help you have some grenade oh yeah
could you you'll probably at night your
fucking yo you know gangster minute well
I'm not a gangster I'm just responsible
person when I was a bit immature when it
was a bit immature wasn't it team
killing me there what was the meaning of
that I mean what you doing what what are
you gonna do what you gonna do edit one
please tell me what you're gonna do is
the possible pushing your fish you're
not doing it enough in you're gonna do
nothing about it end up on the same
nothing short your mouth you just you're
just a really bad at shows be honest I
just don't like oh my what the fuck man
right unless you like it quiet noise in
a minute because you can hear that I'm
getting annoyed at the moment you can
hear the pod oh are you getting annoyed
or you can really kind of hear it I am
getting extremely annoyed and hey I got
fucking care oh okay I'm not gonna like
it
what are you gonna do well I could
easily if there was a fuckin sushi my a
fucking stab you in the fucking face
shuttle yeah but you'd have to get some
not bus fare money also have to do that
first when you Shirley Knight nakid know
why you don't go and plan a week because
the Wii U was obsolete for your sort of
age group I don't know why I always come
to a fork yet and shut your fucking mom
front of your face and fucking burn you
dead no smoking for you think funny but
you know Mary's good game and you may
even enjoy it but you shouldn't because
you're dead granddad's it I don't know
if you know this song but this is quite
a popular song just you're dead gone
nothing
Joey you're crying Joe Lee
fucking knob right if fucking knob soak
your deck on that dick soak your dead
granddad's in the rest of silk on your
dead control
I'm not singing us a song book you're
dead Cornett bollocks knife you know
it's good seeing you Jolene and you know
I don't like this music
you wait where do we go no we don't shut
your mouth I mean you know put some
Dolly Parton on sake
oh shut off